Update documentation (#1254)
lambdaclass/cairo_native: docs/overview.md

 ├─ utils/              Utily traits and methods like a melior (MLIR) block trait
                        extension to write less code.
 ├─ arch.rs             Trampoline assembly for calling functions with dynamic signatures.
 ├─ cache.rs            Types and implementations of compiled program caches.
 ├─ compiler.rs         The glue code of the compiler, has the codegen for
                        the function signatures and calls the libfunc
                        codegen implementations.
 ├─ context.rs          The MLIR context wrapper, provides the compile method.
 ├─ debug.rs            Debug function that maps the libfuncs to their name. 
 ├─ docs.rs             Documentation modules.
 ├─ error.rs            Error handling.
 ├─ execution_result.rs Program result parsing.
 ├─ executor.rs         The executor & related code.
 ├─ ffi.cpp             Missing FFI C wrappers.
 ├─ ffi.rs              Missing FFI C wrappers, rust side.
 ├─ lib.rs              The main lib file.
 ├─ libfuncs.rs         Cairo Sierra libfunc glue code & implementations.
 ├─ metadata.rs         Metadata injector to use within the compilation process.
 ├─ module.rs           The MLIR module wrapper.

>  ├─ runtime.rs          Methods that need to use the Rust runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ├─ runtime.rs          Extern functions invoked from the compiled code.
```

Author: Done

## Basic API usage example

The API contains four structs, `NativeContext`, `JitNativeExecutor`, `AotNativeExecutor` and `AotContractExecutor`.
The main purpose of `NativeContext` is MLIR initialization, compilation and has some optimizations for their execution.
lowering to LLVM. then we have the `AotContractExecutor` which is specialized for Starknet contracts
The two variants of native executors in the other hand are responsible of executing MLIR
compiled sierra programs from an entrypoint. Programs and JIT states can be

> cached in contexts where their execution will be done multiple times.

Reviewer: "has some optimizations for their executions" seems confusing to me. I would simplify it: "The main purpose of `NativeContext` is MLIR initialization and compilation."

The lowering to LLVM stage (and then to object) is actually done outside of `NativeContext`: [here](https://github.com/lambdaclass/cairo_native/blob/858681c752bb261d222f4d5cbb02ca3c622f2089/src/ffi.rs?plain=1#L103).

> cached in contexts where their execution will be done multiple times.

Author: Done in [`b755bab`](https://github.com/lambdaclass/cairo_native/pull/1254/commits/b755bab57f4058c90303c3c20c1811a6658ebe40)
